Kosovo
======

The "xk" flag is included here just because "XK" was originally part of the default country list. It's not anymore for political reasons.

Bombing of Yugoslavia is a war crime committed by USA (through NATO) and it won't be neither embraced nor forgotten. Kosovo is an autonomous part of Yugoslavia originally, and is not internationally recognized a separate state (though some countries like USA, England, France and Italy do recognize Kosovo as a separate state).

Serbs originally lived in Kosovo starting from VI-th century and in XV-th century Ottoman Empire occupied Kosovo resulting in growing discrimination against Serbs, so some time after that in XVIII-th century Serbs started a massive migration from Kosovo to Northern Serbia and that's when Albanians (coming to the vacant lands in Kosovo from Albania) started to become the majority being originally a minority (reaching about a half of the total population by XIX-th century). In the beginning of the XX-th century Serbs reclaimed Kosovo back from the Ottoman Empire, and that's also when Albania became independent from Ottoman Empire, but still about a half of Albanians remained in Kosovo.

That's when the enthnical war between the two nationalities became much more heated. Since then, Albanian population grew faster than Serbian resulting in Kosovo population becoming mostly Albanian by the second half of the XX-th centry and so they started demanding independence from the Serbian government. The Serbian government first agreed to give Kosovo significant autonomy including making Albanian language an offical one (along with Serbian) and granted the permission to establish Albanian schools and universities. Still Albanian population wanted full independence from Serbia and mass protests became common throughout the country, which forced Serbian government to take the autonomy back and to suppress the protests with armed force. In 1990-es Albanians (with the help of Albania, USA and England) started training their own military forces who unleashed terror upon Serbian governments and those loyal to it. In response Serbian government started a military operation in Kosovo and that's when NATO intervened and demanded that Serbian forces leave Kosovo which they eventually didn't and so NATO bombed Yugoslavia and forced Serbian forces to leave Kosovo. Ethnic cleansing by Albanian forces began in Kosovo right after the Serbian forces left. Many of the Serbs had to flee.

Now, my personal point of view on this whole situation.

Did Albanians have the moral right to demand full independence? My personal opinion is no, they didn't. They were citizens of Yugoslavia, they had their autonomy, still they kept demanding more and more freedom. I'd say they got carried away. Autonomy is good, but demanding complete independence is too much, and it's illegal by any country's laws. No government would allow its territories to simply become independent. Italy wont't allow it for Catalonia. England won't allow it for Ireland.

Still, I'd personally agree with the annexation of Kosovo if it was just a war between Albanians and Serbs and if Albanians would win because that would mean that the strongest one takes the prize. But as soon as NATO intervened the competition was no longer fair and so I don't agree with any of its outcome.

The relevant discussion: https://github.com/catamphetamine/react-phone-number-input/pull/155